label kitchen3_option1: #if you picked the spoon on kitchen 1 skip
“You shuffle through the drawers all around you and they silently judge your futile attempts to locate anything that would prove of any use. Nevertheless, you find a SPOON on the floor. It’s covered in something sticky and smells sweet.”"
    menu:
        "Lick it. It smells nice.":
            "You look at the spoon in your hand. Cautiously sniff it again."
            r    "No. No, don’t. Please."
            mc    "Why not? It smells nice."
            r    "You don’t bother washing dishes. What tells you floors are better?"
            "Besides, gross, dude."
            "You give spoon a lick. Tastes sweet and faintly of vanilla. You don’t die, although a deep sense of shame sets in."
            return
        "Have some good conscience and don’t.":
            "You give the spoon a thorough stare down. Spoon says nothing in its defence, so with heavy heart you toss it into the sink."
            r    "So, I see your good conscience won? For once?"
            mc    "Yes, just this once, no more."
            r    "Dang it."
            "You shrug at your own thoughts and decide that drawers keep their secrets too well for you to discover them and get going."
            return
label bedroom3_option2:
    return
label other_bedroom3_option1:
    return
label other_bedroom3_option2:
    return
label other_bedroom3_option3:
    return
label bathroom3_option1:
    “You look up, no weird thing floating above your head. “
    “Huh, maybe we’re good. You decide to decide something.”
    r    “Maybe shower?”
    mc    “Nope.”
    “Ah, good, you can still decide stuff. You calm down a bit.”
    c    “Who told you to calm down though?”
    mc    “What?”
    r    “What?”
    “What?”
    return
label bathroom3_option2:
    “You took a swift step outside.”
    “Yet were still in the room.”
    “Weird.”
    c    “Cool, isn’t it?”
    mc    “So, I talk, I talk and I talk?”
    r    “Yep.”
    c    “Yep.”
    “Maybe.”
    “Anyhow, you’re outside now.”
    “Slightly confused, but outside.”
    return
#livingroom none 3rd
#bathroom done
#other bedroom done
#bedroom 3rd time no options
#kitchen done
