label bathroom_option1:
    r "Come on! Adventures, mirrors and undiscovered faces!"
    mc "Here we go"
    #insert character sprite: <change> to standard neutral.pngmc "Not bad, not bad…"
    r "If you say so... what’s that on your face? What is it, oh my god?"
    mc "What? What is it?"
    r "Oh, wait, that’s just you."
    mc "...."
    mc "That was such a useful insight, thank you."
    return
label bathroom_option2:
    r "Teeth. Brush. Do it stinky, nameless person!"
    mc "I maybe should, but what’s the point? Can’t exactly go anywhere or bless someone with my minty fresh kiss…"
    r "No, your breath stinks and you’ll feel better, go!"
    "Teeth were brushed, breath was… minty-ed. Nothing really changed though, but good on you for being a decent human."
    return
label bathroom_option3:
“Little cupboard under the sink presented all sorts of exploring mysteries and was calling to you to be…. explored.”
    menu:
        “Look inside the cupboard, maybe there something cool there, like money or food, or… maybe even toilet paper?”:
            “Little cupboard opened with a creak to reveal it’s fascinating contents - one 
            deodorant and some soap bars covered with dust. You debated for a second using
            that deodorant but ruled against touching that dusty thing. You close it back, 
            disappointed in the lack of adventures.”

        “Look under, who knows of all sorts of intriguing items that were conveniently dropped there for us to find?”:
            “Your back, knees and everything involved in the grotesque movement of crouching
            lets you know that it hates you with passion and you mildly regret doing that in the 
            first place. However, your efforts are rewarded - under cupboard in a pile of dust and 
            god knows what else you find a PHONE, which is cool. Although, you can’t seem to   
            recall the password which dims the excitement of such discovery.”
        “Look around and stare uncomfortably at your toilet...maybe there’s some sort of mystery there, I don’t know…”:
            “You peek around the small cupboard to reveal a toilet, which you could see already 
            anyway, but you couldn’t resist a grotesque energy wasting movement. Toilet was 
            boringly the same, with no Nessies in sight. Boooooring!”
    return
label bathroom_option4:
“Okay. We don’t like this room anymore. Let’s go! You look one final time at the room and note suspicious lack of  TOILET PAPER, which is going to be a problem in the near future.”
    mc    “There should be toilet paper, where did it go?”
        “This kingdom won’t last long without its most valuable resource! We can’t
        get more, we’re locked in! Gotta. Find. My. Precious!”
    r    “Bro...No.”
    mc    “Bro, yes.”
    r    “Okay, then we shall do that to restore our peace, I guess?”
    mc    “Yes. Yes. Yes. We need THAT TOILET PAPER!”
    return
#character sprite: <change> to standard sad.png 
#location change: living room
#character sprite: <change> to standard neutral.png


