label kitchen2_option2:
    "Fridge opens and you look inside. You just kinda look in there waiting for something to happen. Nothing interesting happens. Better luck next time."
    return
label kitchen2_option1:
    "You carefully peek at dishes from a safe distance. You’re not sure if it should be touched at all, although something tells you that it should be washed and organised."
    r    "Me, me is something. Please wash it...now?"
    mc    "No, gotta locate TOILET PAPER first. Dishes can wait, invaluable resource can’t!"
    r    "Was worth the try."
    return
label kitchen2_option3: #if you picked the spoon on kitchen 1 skip
    "You shuffle through the drawers all around you and they silently judge your futile attempts to locate anything that would prove of any use. Nevertheless, you find a SPOON on the floor. It’s covered in something sticky and smells sweet."
    menu:
        "Lick it. It smells nice.":
            "You look at the spoon in your hand. Cautiously sniff it again."
            r    "No. No, don’t. Please."
            mc    "Why not? It smells nice."
            r    "You don’t bother washing dishes. What tells you floors are better?"
            "Besides, gross, dude."
            "You give spoon a lick. Tastes sweet and faintly of vanilla. You don’t die, although a deep sense of shame sets in."
            return
        "Have some good conscience and don’t.":
            "You give the spoon a thorough stare down. Spoon says nothing in its defence, so with heavy heart you toss it into the sink."
            r    "So, I see your good conscience won? For once?"
            mc    "Yes, just this once, no more."
            r    "Dang it."
            "You shrug at your own thoughts and decide that drawers keep their secrets too well for you to discover them and get going."
            return
label kitchen2_option4:
    "You’ve been here before, nothing new appeared since you were gone, so why linger?"
    return
label bedroom2_option1:
    "Laptop is the same. You poke it again."
    r    "Not 69Ass69. I know it for sure."
    "You try the said combination. Nothing happens."
    r    "Called it."
    return
label bedroom2_option2:
    "Bed is so welcoming and comfy. You lie down but never ending urge to find TOILET PAPER makes you jump out and keep moving."
    return
label other_bedroom2_option1:
    r    "Come on! Do it! Touch them!"
    "I dare you!"
    c    "You speak my language!"
    "Break it! Set it on fire! Nothing matters anymore!"
    mc    "That’s new…"
    "You shudder as you hear a new part of you chime in with suggestions."
    "Maybe it’s this place that makes it worse…"
    "Also those cheeky drawers keep tempting you."
    "Bad place and bad thoughts…"
    return
label other_bedroom2_option2: #if it wasnt chosen the 1st time
    "You take a step back and launch yourself forward towards the bright future, filled with pillows, blankets and sweet dreams."
    "You land in a pile of amazing goodness and feel happy."
    "You have underestimated your quarantine munchies. Bed cracks, apparently one of the leg breaks and you roll down onto the floor."
    r     "....."
    "You silently stand up and pretend nothing happened."
    "Your elbow hurts though."
    "You ignore it and repress any feelings of guilt and shame."
    r    "I refuse to comment."
    return
label other_bedroom2_option3:
    r    "Go, go. This room doesn’t do us any favours."
    c    "Stay. Stay."
    "STAY."
    mc    "This isn’t right…"
    "You back out of the room and hurriedly close the door to avoid facing what’s in there."
    return
label bathroom2_option1:
    r    "Hey, us! Can we shower?"
    mc    "No."
    r    "Why? We stink?"
    mc    "Can’t. There’s no toilet paper."
    r    "How does that connect?"
    mc    "Everything’s connected!"
    "No!"
    r    "Okay, it’s not like I can decide anything here."
    "You manfully turn away from the girly duty of washing yourself. Men can’t meddle with showers while their TOILET PAPER is missing|!"
    return
label bathroom2_option2:
    "Suspicious lack of TOILET PAPER makes you reconsider any ideas you had about the toilet."
    "It wasn’t a toilet joke, I swear."
    mc    "What? Who said that?"
    "Huh? No one."
    return
label bathroom2_option3:
    "You deem yourself clean enough. Yes."
    "Although you definitely decide against smelling yourself. You’re sure you smell nice."
    "Nice-smelling you turns away and walks out."
    return
label living_room2_option1:
    "Some odd sentiment tells you that sofa isn’t the best idea, but you consider it anyway."
    r    "I’m the odd sensation. Please, listen."
    mc    "Hm….Should I though?"
    r    "No."
    c    "Maybe?"
    "You mull over the thought some more."
    mc    "Hmmm…."
    r    "No…"
    "You decide that you will not do that."
    r    "Oh, God, thank you."
    return
label living_room2_option2:
    "You give cupboard a long stare."
    "Nothing happens."
    "You feel easier."
    cvm    "Or do you?"
    "You really don’t. You’ve been bluffing this whole time."
    "This little statue insets a deep sense of primordial horror."
    "The ultimate deity to ever exist on the face of Earth is possessing this little statue on your cupboard. Nothing will ever be the same."
    c    "I’m not doing this I swear."
    r    "I know."
    "Nothing will ever be the same."
    return
label living_room2_option3:
    "You carefully trace your steps back out of the room."
    "Watch your back and don’t listen to the voices."
    "Don’t listen to the voices."
    return
